I hope that one day I can do this
with my own children.
Where did you get that?
I went over to the snowman shop.
An assassin!
I'll protect you.
Your Majesty.
I shall die for you!
You shall not take her!
Find cover. my lady!
- Nice arm.
- I'm getting some good ones.
There's a boy.
That's a boy. Good try.
- Got him.
- Help me.
- What?
- I'm amazed. and I'm not easily amazed.
- About what?
- How you can start a day...
with one kind of expectation
and end up so completely different.
Do you like the way
this day is turning out?
I like It very much.
It's a perfect day.
You couldn't plan a day like this.
You can.
It just take an awful lot of work
Come on in.
I want to show you something.
- I don't think I should.
- I don't think you should either.
That's why I'll show you one thing
and kick you out. Just one minute.
It's just lovely.
Would you like to sit and stare
at the fake fire?
It's really a wonderful room.
It is now.
I don't know.
I don't think we should do this.
I don't either.
On second thought.
I think we should.
It's the perfect end
to a perfect day.
It's a little fast for me.
Me too.
Maybe I should go
Where would you go?
Why?.
We've got a perfect fire.
I've got some French poetry here.
Baudelaire.
I will read to you.
I've got ice cream
on the windowsill.
Hold on a minute.
- Rocky Road?
- I love Rocky Road.
I thought so
You have to stay.
I'm tired.
We can see each other tomorrow.
Tonight.
It's gotta be tonight.
- Really.
-Just stay for awhile.
If you like it. stay for a while longer
and awhile longer.
- Let's not spoil lt.
- I don't want to spoil It either.
You know I can't stay with you.
Why not? I love you.
You love me?
- You don't even know me.
- I know you.
I can't believe I fell for this.
This whole day has just been
one long setup.
- It hasn't.
- And I hate fudge.
No white chocolate.
No fudge.
What are you doing?
Are you making some kind of list?
Did you call my friends and ask
what I like and what I don't like?
- Is this what love is for you?
- This is real. This is love.
Stop saying that!
You must be crazy.
I could never love someone like you.
You only love yourself.
That's not true. I don't even like
myself. Give me another chance.
That's for making me care about you.
- I haven't done this since I was a kid.
- Me neither.
- It's fun.
- Good. clean fun too.
That's what's missing
in the world today.
I can't wait to do this
with my own children.
Golly. I want lots of kids!
I want to adopt.
I want to have my own.
I want foster kids.
I got this at Snowman City.
Some kid threw
a snowball at us!
Come here!
Let's have some fun!
I wish these were my own kids!
Are any of you up for adoption?
Here's a humdinger over here!
Wasn't that great?
Stop it!
Over here!
Where have you been?
You're missing all the fun.
You look terrible.
What happened?
Rough night?
Okay. campers. rise and shine.
Don't forget your booties
because It's cold out there today.
It's cold out there every day.
This country's largest lake. Chapala.
is located near the city....
- of Guadalajara.
- What is Mexico?
- Correct..
- "Lakes and Rivers. "400.
Seneca is the largest of these lakes
in West-Central New York.
- What are the Finger Lake?
- Correct..
- That's amazing.
- "Lakes and Rivers" for 600.
This South American lake drains
into the smaller lake in Bolivia.
- What is Titicaca?
- Correct..
- "Lakes and Rivers" for 1.000.
- Milky colored...
- from glacial clay...
- What is the rhone?
when entering. Lake Geneva.
this river is clear upon exiting..
Jim?
The Rhone is good for $1.000.
- You are $500 off the lead.
- Let's go to "Inventors" for 200.
This is pitiful.
A thousand people freezing their butts
off. waiting to worship a rat.
What a hype. Groundhog Day used
to mean something in this town.
They used to pull the hog out
and eat it!
You're hypocrites. all of you!
You got a problem
with what I'm saying?
Until your tongue.
and you come out here and talk.
Am I upsetting you. Princess?
You want a prediction about the weather.
you're asking the wrong Phil.
I'll give you a winter prediction.
It's gonna be cold...
It's gonna be gray...
and It's gonna last you
for the rest of your life.
Once again. the eyes of the nation
have turned here to this...
tiny village
in western Pennsylvania.
There is no way that
this winter...
Is ever going to end...
as long as this groundhog
keeps seeing his shadow.
I don't see any other way out.
He has to be stopped.
I have to stop him.
Real good. Phil.
He's crazy.
I'm worried. I think there's something
really wrong with Phil.
There's a lot of things
I've come to the end of me.
There's no way out now.
I just want you to remember
we had a beautiful day together once.
All right. little fella.
Good job.
- He smiled at me. Did you see that?
- I believe he did.
Okay. little fella.
There you go
Hl. mister.
Something I can do you for?.
What are you doing?
Jake. get the word out!
Somebody kidnapped Phil!
We're going after him!
Why would anybody steal a groundhog?
I can probably think
of a couple of reasons. Pervert.
- He must have just snapped!
- This should be good.
What is he doing?
What can he be thinking?
That's not bad
for a quadruped.
You gotta check your mirrors.
Just the side of your eye.
That's lt.
They're chasing us!
Come on. make It fun!
Don't drive angry.
Hot dog! There's no way out except
the way we came in. We got him now!
- What is he doing?
- I don't know.
If you gotta shoot. aim high.
I don't wanna hit the groundhog.
We mustn't keep
our public waiting.
It's show time.
All right. on me. Larry.
in three!
Two. one.
He might be okay.
Probably not now.
Nuts.
Did you sleep well. Mr. Connors?
Would you like some toast?
- What's going on?
- My God.
That's him.
He was a really great guy.
I really liked him a lot.
I'm sorry.
What was that again?
- I'm a god!
- You're a god?
I'm a god.
I'm not the God. I don't think.
Because you survived a car wreck?
You ready to order?.
I didn't just survive a wreck.
I wasn't just blown up yesterday.
I have been stabbed.
shot poisoned...
frozen. hung. electrocuted...
- and burned.
- Really?.
Every morning I wake up fine.
not a dent in the fender.
- I am an immortal.
- Special today is blueberry waffles.
Why are you telling me this?
Because I want you
to believe in me.
You're not a god. Believe me. This is
12 years of Catholic school talking.
I could come back
if you're not ready.
How do you know I'm not a god?
Please!
Because It's not possible!
- I'll come back.
- Doris!
This is Doris. Her brother-in-law.
Carl. owns this diner.
She's worked here since she was 1 7.
She wants to see Paris before she dies.
- Boy. would l!
- What are you doing?
- Debbie Klelser and her fiance. Fred.
- Do I know you?
They're supposed to be married this
afternoon. but Debbie is reconsidering.
- What?
- Lovely ring.
This is Bill who's been a walter
for three years...
since he left Penn State
and had to get work
He like the town. paints toy soldiers.
and he's gay.
I am.
This is Gus. He hates his life here
and wishes he'd stayed in the Navy.
I could have retired on half pay
after 20 years.
Is this some kind of trick?
Maybe the real God uses tricks.
Maybe He's not omnipotent.
He's just been around so long.
He knows everything.
- Who's that?
- This is Tom.
He worked in the coal mine
till they closed It down.
- Her?.
- Alice.
She came from Ireland as a baby
and lived in Erie most of her life.
- He's right.
- Nancy.
She works in the dress shop and make
chipmunk noises when she gets excited.
- It's true.
- How do you know these people?
I know everything. I n five seconds.
a walter will drop a tray of dishes.
- Five. four. three. two. one.
- This is nuts.
That's enough.
- Do you know me too?
- I know all about you.
You like producing. but you're hoping
for more than Channel 9 Pittsburgh.
Everyone knows that.
You like boats. but not the ocean.
You go to a mountain lake in the summer
with your family.
There's a long. wooden dock
and a boathouse...
with boards missing
from the roof....
and a place you used to crawl
underneath to be alone.
You're a sucker for French poetry
and rhinestones.
You're very generous.
You're kind to strangers
and children.
And when you stand in the snow.
you look like an angel.
How are you doing this?
I wake up every day right here...
In Punxsutawney.
and It's always February 2.
There's nothing
I can do about lt.
If you still doubt me...
In ten seconds...
Larry will come through that door
and take you away from me...
but you can't let him.
Please believe me.
You've got to believe me.
You ready?. We better get going if we're
going to stay ahead of the weather.
What's that?
Maybe It really is happening.
How else could you know so much?
There is no way.
I'm not that smart.
Maybe I should spend the day
with you...
as an objective witness.
Just to see what happens.
This sounds
like a science project.
Concentrate.
You gotta want lt.
It's more in the wrist than the finger.
It's just gotta-
Be the hat! Come on! Go!
It would take me a year
to get good at this.
Six months. Four to five hours a day.
and you'd be an expert.
Is this what you do
with eternity?.
Now you know.
That's not the worst part.
What's the worst part?
The worst part is that tomorrow you
will have forgotten all about this...
and you'll treat me
like a jerk again.
- It's all right. I am a jerk
- You're not.
It doesn't make any difference.
I've killed myself so many times.
I don't even exist anymore.
Sometimes I wish
I had a thousand lifetimes.
I don't know. Phil.
Maybe It's not a curse.
It just depends on
how you look at lt.
Gosh. you're an upbeat lady!
- It's been a really nice day for me.
- Me too.
Maybe. if it's not too boring.
we could do It again sometime.
I hope so
You're still here.
I thought you were supposed
to disappear or I was or something!
Not until 6:00.
You rat!
I never said midnight.
- You knew I was waiting for midnight!
- Does this mean you're gonna leave?
Good.
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
You can fall asleep.
I promise
I won't touch you. much.
That's all right.
I'm not tired.
What were you saying?
I think the last thing
that you heard was...
"Only God can make a tree."
Really?.
What I wanted to say was...
I think you're the kindest. sweetest.
prettiest person...
I've ever met in my life.
I've never seen anyone...
that's nicer to people
than you are.
The first time I saw you...
something happened to me.
I never told you. but...
I knew that I wanted
to hold you as hard as I could.
I don't deserve someone like you.
But if I ever could...
I swear I would love you...
for the rest of my life.
Did you say something?
Good night.
Who wants coffee?
Get It while It's hot.
Thanks. Phil.
- Larry?. Skim milk. two sugars.
- Thanks. Phil.
- Pastry?.
- We're just setting up.
Take your pick.
Thanks. Raspberry. Great.
I was just talking with Buster Green.
the head groundhog honcho
He said if we set up over here.
we might get a better shot.
- What do you think?
- Sounds good.
What do you think?
Let's go for lt.
- Good work
- Maybe we'll get lucky .
Let me help you
with the heavy stuff..
You got your coffee.
I'll get lt.
We never talk.
Do you have kids?
I'd like a piano lesson. please.
I'm with a student now. If you come
back tomorrow. I can squeeze you in.
I kind of want to get started.
I could give you $1 .000.
Come on in.
Good morning!
Off to see the groundhog?
You think It will be
an early spring?
"Winter slumbering in the open air...
wears on his smiling face...
a dream of spring."
How's she look?
- Great.
- Thank you.
Did you know
he could ice sculpt?
Not bad.
You say this is your first lesson?
My father was a piano mover.
I thought It was you.
I have missed you so much.
I don't know where you're headed.
but can you call in sick?
I gotta get going.
It's good to see you.
Hello. father.
Let's get you someplace warm.
Remember me?
Excuse me. sir. Are you the one
who brought the old man in?
How is he?
He just passed away.
What did he die of?.
He was just old.
It was just his time.
- I want to see his chart. Excuse me.
- Sir!
You can't come in here.
This is a restricted area.
Where's the chart?
Sometimes people just die.
Not today.
It's hard down there
at the bottom.
- Here you go
- Thank you.
Come on. Dad!
Come on. Pop!
Breathe. Pop!
When Chekhov
saw the long winter...
he saw a winter bleak and dark
and bereft of hope.
Yet we know that winter is just
another step in the cycle of life.
But standing here
among the people of Punxsutawney...
and basking in the warmth
of their hearths and hearts...
I couldn't imagine a better fate...
than a long and lustrous winter.
From Punxsutawney.
It's Phil Connors.
So long.
Very nice speech. Phil.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
- How was that for you two?
- Man. you touched me.
- Thanks. Larry.
- Thank you.
I gotta go
That was surprising.
I didn't know you were so versatile.
I surprise myself sometimes.
Would you like
to get some coffee?
I'd love to. Can I have a rain check?
I've got some errands to run.
What errands?
I thought we were going back.
Hold it. fella!
What do you say?.
You little brat.
You have never thanked me!
I'll see you tomorrow. maybe!
- Now what?
- You've totaled lt.
It's only a flat tire.
Now just be patient. Just cool it!
- It's an earthquake!
- It's not an earthquake!
What is it?
Thank you. young man.
It's nothing.
I had the tire and the jack.
Just be comfortable.
Be a minute.
Who is that?
Must be from the motor club.
- My God! He's having a heart attack!
- What should I do?
- Call an ambulance. a lawyer. a doctor!
- Mom. I don't think he's breathing!
I think that did lt.
If you're gonna eat steak.
get some sharper teeth.
- Enjoy your lunch.
- Thank you.
Who was that? I'm fine.
- Are you sure?
- Oh. yes. Eat.
People just don't understand
what is involved in this.
This is an art form.
You know. I think most people
Just think that...
I hold the camera
and point It at stuff..
There is a lot more to It
than just that.
Would you be at all interested
in seeing the inside of the van?
You know. I really have to get back
to the party.
Great idea. I'll go with you.
Let me just drop a tip here.
How are you?
Rita. this is Nancy.
We were just going
to the party.
- You going?
- Sounds like fun.
Maybe we should call Phil.
- I think he's already in there.
- Great.
- Isn't he good?
- He's great!
He's my student.
I'm so proud.
Thank you.
Welcome to our party.
-I didn't know you could play like that.
-I'm versatile.
It's that nice. young man
from the motor club.
- Thank you again.
- It's nothing. ladles.
He's the fastest jack
in Jefferson County.
What was that all about?
I really don't know.
They've been hitting on me all night.
There you are.
I never thanked you properly
for what you did for Buster.
He would have choked for sure.
He may have.
He was trying to swallow a whole cow.
- I owe you one. buddy.
- Hang onto him. dear. He's a real find.
- What did you do today?.
- Same old. same old.
Excuse me.
Fred. how was the wedding?
I just wanted to thank you
for making Debbie go through with lt.
All I did was fan the flame
of her passion for you.
You are the best.
Rita.
this is Debbie and Fred Klelser.
- Here you go. kids. Congratulations.
- What is this?
No way!
Wrestlemania!
How did you know?
We're gonna be in Pittsburgh anyway!
- Thank you! You're a real pal!
- This is the best!
- I don't understand.
- I guess not.
How does everyone know you?
You only come here once a year.
You seem like the most popular person
in town.
Excuse me. Dr. Connors?
I want to thank you
for fixing Felix's back.
He can even help
around the house again.
I'm sorry to hear that. Felix.
"Dr. Connors"?
It's kind of an honorary title.
- What is going on?
- I really don't know.
There is something
going on with you.
Would you like the long version
or the short one?
Let's start with the short
and go from there.
Okay. folks. Attention.
Time for the big bachelor auction.
You all know the rules.
All the eligible bachelors
come down in front...
and you ladles bid on them!
You get to do whatever you want
with them. No questions asked!
I don't want to know about it.
as long as It's legal!
Get out your pocketbooks and remember.
It's all for charity!
What are you doing down here?
Go on. Get up there.
I got ten bucks that
says you're mine!
- Buster. I got your first victim.
- Come up here!
All right! What am I bid
for this fine specimen?
Five dollars!
The bidding has begun
at five dollars.
- Ten dollars!
- Fifteen!
- Twenty!
- Twenty-five!
- Thirty!
- Thirty-five!
- Forty!
- Forty-five!
- Fifty!
- Fifty-five!
- Sixty!
- I'm bid sixty. Do I hear more?
Three hundred and thirty-nine dollars
and eighty-eight cents!
We can't accept any more bids.
That's sold...
to the little lady for $339.88!
Congratulations.
Okay. bachelors!
Who's next?
All right!
What am I bid for this guy?.
Do I hear a buck and a half?.
Anybody?.
- Seventy-five cents?
- I bid two bits!
Sold to the lady
for twenty-five cents!
I got him!
Phil Connors!
I thought that was you!
This is Ned Ryerson.
my new insurance agent.
I'll say!
I have not seen this guy
for 20 years.
He comes to me and buys whole life.
term. uniflex...
fire. theft. auto.
dental. health...
with the optional death
and dismemberment plan. water damage.
This is the best day of my life.
Mine too.
- Where are we going?
- Let's not spoil lt.
I got that!
- Why can't I look?
- Because you bother me a lot.
I'm getting cold.
How much longer do I have to sit here?
I'm just giving you your money's worth.
You paid top dollar for me.
I think you were a bargain.
Sweet of you to say.
You're probably right.
- Is It finished yet?
- Almost.
I still have to put cherry syrup on top
and then we can eat lt.
Come on!
I'm freezing!
One second. All right.
Let me turn toward the light.
It's amazing.
It's beautiful.
- How did you do that?
- I know your face so well...
I could have done It
with my eyes closed.
It's lovely.
I don't know what to say.
I do
No matter what happens tomorrow...
or for the rest of my life...
I'm happy now
because I love you.
I think I'm happy too.
- Please. not again.
- That is a great song!
- It's not!
- Don't listen to this man-
It's too early.
Something is different.
Good or bad?
Anything different is good...
but this could be real good.
Why are you here?
I bought you. I own you.
But why are you still here?
You said stay. so I stayed.
I said stay. so you stayed?
I can't even make a collie stay.
I gotta check something.
Stay.
They're gone!
They're all gone!
- Do you know what today is?
- What?
Today is tomorrow.
It happened.
- You're here.
- I'm here.
Why weren't you like this last night?
You just fell sleep.
It was the end
of a very long day.
Is there anything
I can do for you today?.
I'm sure I can think
of something.
It's so beautiful!
Let's live here.
We'll rent to start.